Team_Randos
Meeting Minutes
2/19/2018
Baldy 019

Start: 10:00 am
End: 11:14 am

Present:  Brian, Peter, Justyn, Wilson


Meeting Discussion:

Confusion about when last week's tasks were supposed to be done.  We met on Wednesday last week.  So, some people thought the tasks were to be done by Wednesday, not Monday.
Prioritize interface and connecting screens over database for prototype.
Results of jury duty: We seem fine.

Objective:  A technical user with a programming background can run the prototype.  Assume they have access to Android Studio.

Prof:    Export APK and make it available for download on your phone.
	Move Minutes branch to its own branch off of Master.  (Minutes do not need to follow code 	contribution protocol.)
	App is a great idea.
	Fill out Doodle poll for 113/115 student meeting.
	For MVP, move Ignore Feature to Add-on.  Do that within 72 hours of Deadline on Friday.  	Follow project change protocol.
	Database recommendation: Mongo DB – lets you change schemas as you go.  If you know 	exactly what your data models are, you can go with SQL.
	Scope is fine.


Accomplishments Since Last Meeting:

Wilson – Created relational schema for database and basic messaging screen.
Peter – Created login screen.
Brian – Created screen to display nearby users.
Justyn – Will be done by Wednesday.





Tasks to be done by Next Meeting:

By Wednesday 10 AM:
All – Have screens done by Wednesday and know how to use Intents class in android studio. Pull requests done by Wednesday. REMEMBER TO TAG THE ISSUES
Wilson – Readme instructions for how to use and make message screen more interactive friendly.
Peter – Navigation Bar.
Brian – Add Distance field in nearby user list. Color.  Font.
Justyn – Finish User Profile screen. 


Before Friday:
Connect screens
Youtube video
Release prototype to develop branch on Github

By Next Monday:

Wilson – Connect to a dummy database and display data on screen.
Peter – Look into Mongo DB.
Brian – Move MVP line about hiding to Add-on.  GPS.
Justyn – Have video done (technically done by friday).
